---
Suites: Big, Interface76
---
This fixture will take the following variables

fileFromLocation - the location where the test file resides (this should be local to fitnesse)
fileToLocation - The remote location where we are placing the file
fileFromName - The file name we are picking up to move
fileToName - (Optional) the name that we want to call the file when moved. If blank will keep the from name.
keyPairFileName - this holds the server name and the security key location to access the remote box. 

Test 1 - Move the file to the test dir location

The out location is where files are picked up from. 
!|MoveFileFixture|
|origin|destination|isMoved?|error?|
|/TestFiles/Interface76/EmptyTestFile.txt|/SFTP/out/interface1TestFile.txt|true|null|

Test 2 - start the SFTP server up 

In real example this will have to be amended. 

!|SFTPFileFixture|
|fileFromLocation|fileToLocation|keyPairFileName|hasMoved?|error?|
|/SFTP/in/interface1TestFile.txt|/SFTP/out|/keypairs/I200375/keypair|true|null|

Test 2 - Has the file been picked up from the location?

#!|CheckFileFixture|
#|fileToLocation|fileToName|keyPairFileName|waitPeriod|expected|exists?|
#|/fitnesseTest/in|putname.txt|/keypairs/I200375/keypair|60|false|false|

Test 3 - Check File is in new location

#!|CheckFileFixture|
#|fileToLocation|fileToName|keyPairFileName|waitPeriod|expected|exists?|
#|/fitnesseTest/out|putname.txt|/keypairs/I200375/keypair|60|true|true|

Test 4 - Pull down the remote file to compare locally.
#!|PullFileDownLocally|
#|localLocation|remoteLocation|localFileName|RemoteFileName|keyPairFileName|isDownloaded?|
#|/TestFiles/Interface76/downloads|/fitnesseTest/out|/compareTestFile.txt|putname.txt|/keypairs/I200375/keypair|true|


Test 5 - Compare the expected result with the file from the server. 
#!|Query:ListCsvData|/TestFiles/Interface76/downloads/compareTestFile.txt|
#|Col1	|Col2	|Col3	|
#|Test        |File         |Test      |
#|Item      |1         |2   |


<test page>